Bidwell the holder Dave boil the snapper
it will be low trajectory of the Eagles
going to try to block it here is Dave
more of a snap the whole box be eagle
fried is my hero
unbelievable Wow there is there is life
in Tampa Viggo's Fox wind the
old-fashioned way for the 62 yard field
goal say hallelujah
don't laugh you're a brown fan holds
your breath this guy could do this
with all hard
it's good
they did it Janikowski hitting a 60 yard
field goal at the end of the first half
Wow
good composure by the Raiders offense
your defense puts you in a hole do what
you need to do set up the strongest leg
in the NFL 61 and a half it wouldn't
been good it was just barely over the
bar watches drop over the upright right
over the top
bang alright
you
whoo bring a mouth bring him out bring a
mouse bring him out it's hard they yell
when the Bedwell thing is my yard field
goal attempt he has a career high of 54
oh it's way
how about that one
two seconds remaining and you see
carpenter launched the longest field
goal in the history of the Miami
Dolphins and keep in mind that we are at
sea level we are not in Denver that is a
heck of a job of powering the football
over the crossbar by carpenter and look
at that watch it come in and that clears
the cross by by no more than a foot
sweating a whole lot out of it last play
the second quarter they lining up Dan
carpenter a 60 yard field goal attempt
down the middle
in line it just barely gets over the
crossbar by mere inches Dan carpenter
set a franchise record with that 60 yard
field goal Pete Solana Beach helped
Ronis
Oh
you